# Reflection
I haven't been able to find much awareness about microplastics, so I wanted to create a PSA about mircoplastics as my visual argument. One of the dangers of microplastics is that they can cross the blood-brain barrier, meaning they can enter the brain and stay there, so I based my PSA around that. Since virtually everyone is impacted by microplastics, there is a very wide audience to appeal to, so I narrowed my focus down to generally health concerned, open-minded people since they are most likely to pay attention to the PSA. 
My PSA shows a silhouette of a person with their brain filled with plastic water bottles. Originally, I had an actual person's head with the plastic brain. However, I found that the face detracted from the actual message. The face added more noise to the image, drawing attention away from the plastic brain. From a suggestion by Khai, I made the entire person a negative space. This increased the signal-to-noise ratio as well as simplifiying the image and message. The head creates a negative space against the positive background, and the lighter plastic creates a positive space inside the negative space head. These contrasting elements force attention to the silhouette first, then the plastic brain. Since I wanted the plastic brain to be the center piece, I put the text at the bottom, giving it phyiscal proximity and decreasing the density at the top. I also removed the shirt, vertically shrinking the image, since it increased the distance between the text and the brain too much. The overall result is what I wanted to achieve. The visual punning of the plastic brain is effective and it delivers the message about microplastics.
## Tools
To remove the colored regions of the brain, I used the fuzzy select tool with a low threshold to preserve as much of the lines as possible. I used the paint bucket on high threshold to make all the colors uniform. However, the lines were still too thin to stand out. To thicken the lines, I used the grow tool on the brain except the cerebellum. Since the cerebellum was more detailed, I used the fuzzy select tool on high threshold to remove the white space. To make the head entirely black, I used the fuzzy select tool. I manually cleaned up the image by recoloring the relevant areas.